NEXT documentation (#1273)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/queries/composed-queries/index.adoc

= Composed queries
:description: Overview about how to use `UNION` and `WHEN` to construct combined or conditional queries in Cypher.

`UNION`, `WHEN` and `NEXT` enable the composition of multiple separate query branches within a single query.
`UNION` allows for combining the results of different queries.

> `WHEN` on the other hand enables conditional queries, where different query branches can be made to execute depending on a set of criteria.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`WHEN` enables conditional queries, where different query branches can be made to execute depending on a set of criteria.
```

> Finally, `NEXT` allows for linear composition of queries into a sequence, while making return values from one query available in the next.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, `NEXT` allows for the linear composition of sequential queries, passing the return values from one query to the next.
```

> As such, `UNION`, `WHEN` and `NEXT` manage in different ways the execution flow and logic of queries and cannot be used in queries as regular clauses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As such, `UNION`, `WHEN`, and `NEXT` manage in different ways the execution flow and logic of queries and cannot be used in queries as regular clauses.
```
